Lorem Ipsum
"Neque porro quisquam est qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur, adipisci velit..."
"There is no one who loves pain itself, who seeks after it and wants to have it, simply because it is pain..."

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec pharetra imperdiet mi vel egestas. Pellentesque nec sapien lorem. Donec hendrerit ipsum sit amet dolor aliquam, nec rhoncus nibh egestas. Sed a libero non lacus rutrum euismod. Nulla vel purus a ipsum auctor volutpat. Duis euismod vitae diam vel vulputate. Proin consequat rutrum libero. Aliquam vitae dui et sem feugiat elementum. Praesent venenatis, nunc quis condimentum maximus, augue est placerat tellus, id pulvinar neque massa non lectus. Pellentesque blandit dapibus quam nec consectetur. Maecenas in tristique elit.

Morbi consequat arcu nec venenatis mattis. Mauris quis ligula luctus, tempus velit ac, lacinia mi. Suspendisse faucibus convallis purus non finibus. Fusce non eros felis. Donec mauris sapien, condimentum quis commodo id, ornare eget leo. Curabitur feugiat fringilla dolor eget vehicula. Integer quis imperdiet quam. Maecenas varius eu turpis a dapibus. Nullam sit amet rutrum nisl, et laoreet enim. Aliquam ipsum lectus, vulputate pellentesque scelerisque id, tempus ut lorem. Sed vitae ligula vitae leo egestas lacinia. Curabitur pulvinar scelerisque ipsum ac accumsan. Fusce sagittis tincidunt mi, et aliquet tellus auctor non. Ut dui felis, malesuada eu velit et, viverra rhoncus odio.

Nullam velit orci, rutrum eu rhoncus vel, egestas nec massa. Quisque consectetur quis tellus nec molestie. Praesent congue congue libero, nec semper erat pretium quis. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Integer feugiat, justo scelerisque porta molestie, mauris turpis placerat lorem, id vulputate odio enim a odio. Phasellus venenatis ultrices tellus nec viverra. Curabitur eget enim dui. Mauris rutrum lacus vitae felis varius bibendum. Aenean a leo vitae mauris porttitor suscipit at eget erat.

Phasellus mi odio, imperdiet sit amet porta molestie, tempus non purus. Phasellus urna sapien, condimentum in iaculis at, euismod vitae elit. Quisque malesuada fermentum nibh, vitae semper nunc aliquam non. Praesent varius euismod consectetur. Nulla facilisi. Donec efficitur auctor ante sit amet hendrerit. Aliquam faucibus felis arcu, non tincidunt felis ultrices vel. Nullam pulvinar rutrum orci eget scelerisque.

Sed placerat orci in ullamcorper ullamcorper. Aliquam fringilla, tortor eget condimentum semper, est eros cursus eros, sed commodo arcu nisi in ipsum. Ut tincidunt augue non mollis tincidunt. Ut efficitur scelerisque tempor. Vivamus tincidunt diam in ex ullamcorper lacinia. Donec scelerisque porta volutpat. Praesent eu condimentum ligula, quis congue dolor.


English translation[edit]
This is H. Rackham's 1914 translation – in the aforementioned Loeb Classical
Library edition – with the major source of lorem ipsum highlighted:

[32] But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing of a
pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account of
the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of the truth,
the master-builder of human happiness. No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids
pleasure itself, because it is pleasure, but because those who do not know how
to pursue pleasure rationally encounter consequences that are extremely painful.
Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain of
itself, because it is pain, but occasionally circumstances occur in which toil
and pain can procure him some great pleasure. To take a trivial example, which
of us ever undertakes laborious physical exercise, except to obtain some
advantage from it? But who has any right to find fault with a man who chooses to
enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying consequences, or one who avoids a pain
that produces no resultant pleasure?

[33] On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and dislike men
who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure of the moment, so
blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain and trouble that are bound
to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who fail in their duty through
weakness of will, which is the same as saying through shrinking from toil and
pain. These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish. In a free hour,
when our power of choice is untrammeled and when nothing prevents our being able
to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be welcomed and every pain
avoided. But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the
obligations of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be
repudiated and annoyances accepted. The wise man therefore always holds in these
matters to this principle of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other
greater pleasures, or else he endures pains to avoid worse pains.
