{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red79\green79\blue79;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c38431\c38431\c38431;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11660\viewh9780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear Steven McIntyre,
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 PLEASE READ THIS EMAIL IN FULL AND PRINT IT FOR YOUR RECORDS
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Thank you for your order from us! Your hosting account has now been setup and this email contains all the information you will need in order to begin using your account.
\fs24 \

\fs28 If you have requested a domain name during sign up, please keep in mind that your domain name will not be visible on the internet instantly. This process is called propagation and can take up to 48 hours. Until your domain has propagated, your website and email will not function, we have provided a temporary url which you may use to view your website and upload files in the meantime.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Your Hosting Package:
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Hosting Package: Platinum
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Domain: web-dev-course.host20.uk
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 First Payment Amount: \'a30.00
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Recurring Amount: \'a30.00
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Billing Cycle: Monthly
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Next Due Date: 05/07/2020
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Your Control Planel Login details:
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Login link:\'a0https://server.thecompletewebhosting.com:2222/
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Username: webdev37
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Password: Y:aW+37W0rquE3\uc0\u8232 (Please change your password once you login to cPanel)\u8232 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Server Information
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Server Name: thecompletewebhosting.com
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Server IP: 81.19.215.165
\fs24 \

\fs28 If you are using an existing domain with your new hosting account, you will need to update the nameservers to point to the nameservers listed below.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Nameserver 1: ns1.thecompletewebhosting.com ()
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Nameserver 2: ns2.thecompletewebhosting.com ()
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \uc0\u8232 Uploading Your Content
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 Once your domain has propagated you may use the details below:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf3 \strokec3 FTP Hostname: web-dev-course.host20.uk
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Webpage URL:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.web-dev-course.host20.uk/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.web-dev-course.host20.uk}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 It is strongly recommended to wait for the final details above to get activated to upload your content. 
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs28 It usually takes only a few minutes.\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs28 \uc0\u8232 
\f0\b0 Temporarily you may use one of the addresses given below to manage your web site:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Temporary FTP Hostname: 81.19.215.165
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Temporary Webpage URL:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://81.19.215.165/~webdev37/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://81.19.215.165/~webdev37/}}
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Email Settings
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 For email accounts that you setup, you should use the following connection details in your email program:
\fs24 \

\fs28 POP3 Host Address: mail.web-dev-course.host20.uk
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 SMTP Host Address: mail.web-dev-course.host20.uk
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Username: The email address you are checking email for
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 
\fs28 Password: As specified in your control panel
\fs24 \

\fs28 Thank you for choosing us.
\fs24 \

\fs28 Kind regards,\uc0\u8232 thecompletewebhosting.com
\fs24 \
}